Ion allows for the creation of flyout menus of spells, items or companions. It accomplishes this by adding a new macro command and building the menu based on several options. The following are the instructions on how to go about making a custom flyout menu via the ION Button Macro Editor:

Format -  /flyout <type>:<keyword>:<shape>:<flyout anchor point>:<macro button anchor point>:<columns|radius>:<click|mouse>:<show/hide flyout arrow>



Types: Use as many comma-delimited types as you want (ex: "spell, item") 

Keyword: Use as many comma-delimited keywords as you want (ex: "quest, potion, blah, blah, blah")
    Use ! in front of a keyword to exclude anything containing that keyword (ex: "!hearthstone")

Available Types & Keywords:  Note: Special Keywords such as Any or Favorite need to start with a Capitol letter.

item:id or partial name
Add an item by its item:id or all items in your bags or worn that contain the partial name.
Examples: item:1234, item:Bandage, item:Ore

spell:id or partial name
Add a spell by its numerical id or all spells that contain the partial name.
Examples: spell:1234, spell:Shout, spell:Polymorph

mount:"Flying", "Land", "Favorite", "FFlying", "FavLand" or partial name
Add all flying, land, favorite, favorite flying, favorite land mounts or mounts that contain the partial name.
Examples: mount:flying, mount:Raptor, mount:favflying

companion:"Favorite", "Any" or partial name
Adds favorite pets, all pets or pet that contain the partial name.
Examples: companion:Crash, companion:favorite, companion:any

type:ItemType
Add all items that contain the keyword in one of its type fields. See www.wowpedia.com/ItemType for a full list.
Examples: type:Quest, type:Food, type:Herb, type:Leather

profession:"Primary", "Secondary", "Any" or partial name
Adds all primary professions, secondary professions or any professions.
Examples: profession:Primary, profession:Any, profession:Herb

fun:"Favorite", "Any" or partial name
Adds favorite toys, all toys or toys that contain the partial name.
Examples: toy:Crash, toy:favorite, toy:any


Shapes:
    linear
    circular

Points:
    left
    right
    top
    bottom
    topleft
    topright
    bottomleft
    bottomright
    center


Colums/Radius:
    Any number.  For a Linear style this will be how many columns the flyout will have.  For a Circular style, thiw will be how wide the circle will be.  

Click/Mouse:
    click: Displays the flyout when the button is clicked.
    mouse: Displays the flyout on mouse-over.

Show/hide flyout arrow
    show: Displays the flyout indicator arrow
    hide: Hides the indicator arrow.


Examples -

/flyout type:trinket:linear:right:left:6:click:show
This will show all trinkets in a 6 column flyout that displays on a button click

/flyout mount:invincible, phoenix, !dark:circular:center:center:15:mouse:hide
Thiw will display any mounts with invincible & phoenix in the title excluding mounts with the word dark

/flyout companion:Favorite:linear:right:left:4:click:show
This will dislay any companions that are marked as favorite

/flyout spell, item:heal:linear:right:left:4:click:show
This will show all items & spells that have "heal" in the name

Most options may be abbreviated -
/flyout i:bandage:c:c:c:15:c:h is the same as /flyout item:bandage:circular:center:center:15:click:hide